I tweeted about like I think it's the
good player filter I think players that
can play like multiple roles are
obviously gonna like it and players it
of practice playing more than just the
like five champions I need a master will
love it well the first day of the summer
split is officially kicked off I'm
joined right now by an arrow the coach
of echo fox with coverage presented by
Omni slash talked a little bit about
echo fox returned to these summer splits
or return to the LCS here on the summer
split years one that's good you look a
little different what's everything
what's happened during the break I got a
haircut you know I was done with the
long haired experiment that was it
anything else happen on echo fox during
the breaker was it just your haircut no
nothing else happened I mean come on
that got banned I guess that's that's
really the only news I guess it's
happened in between Juliette and we
picked up thing yeah that's really what
what's been going on was there any
chance of it like a roster swap
situation I mean cloud9 surprised us all
of a sudden my throne and three new
players I know you guys did well last
year but quite frankly I was kind of you
guys seemed most interested like it you
seem to be the team that was most likely
to bring in some like challenger players
just cuz of the cloud close to you guys
are with a challenger team the Academy
team so what what's been going on behind
the scenes yeah it's something that's
Emily possible I mean we've already
experimented with it like today we had
Johnny and playing top lane it's all
tech so the whole we're all swapping
think has already did something we're
exploring and so having different
players play was also definitely
possible like with the meta that the way
it is right now if the Mafia wasn't
banned he could easily just be playing
ad carry in that game pony could be
playing mundo top and we could be
playing like Yasuo Elia with two mid
laners right so I think a lot of teams
will explore it if they're actually
using Academy do you like the meadow
right now do you like the fact that you
can do crazy stuff like this uh yeah I
think it's super fun like it's actually
just funny as hell to watch teams do all
these different things and I think
there's a lot of strategy actually
behind building what you want and
recognizing what counters it it's just
right now it's kind of no one really
knows what's actually Opie
or what strong everyone's picks and bans
look so different so once that evens out
I think the meta will be really really
good to do the players like it cuz I've
heard varying degrees of enthusiasm from
players I mean I I tweeted about like I
think it's the good player filter
I think players that can play like
multiple roles are obviously gonna like
it and players it of practice playing
more than just like five champions I
need a master will love it so it's a
good player filter all your players love
it yeah of course
all my players are good players of
course Travis just it just who knew in
particular like it because it seems like
hoody just likes to go out there and do
backe stuff it feels like so it feels
like this is a matter that would be
exciting for him I mean who knew just
found his like freaky to play anyone's
role if he wants it pretty much so if we
have a mid laner yeah if he has like
Opie champ and he finds it in a role
he'll probably try to find a way like I
think this will work out so yeah he
loves it it's great for him why I mean
what is it you can explain it to me a
little bit I mean obviously there's more
options to play botlane but why why why
is it that we're starting to see a lot
of conversation around role swaps as a
whole and what like is there a chance
that sort of the the idea that Oh
anything can happen now is encouraging
more innovation in a way that we didn't
really have it before I definitely think
the fact that more stuff to started
happening like just a week and a half of
where else he has kind of triggered that
all the exploration of different like
role swaps and stuff but I don't know I
think the whole thing with like people
doing like the super jungle strat that
could happen I feel like it's been
possible just no one's explored it at
all and changing roles I think that only
really happened because ad carry's just
kind of disappeared
so if someone's whole role is gone of
course like people will start swapping
around just cuz it makes sense how
confident are you and echo fox for the
summer split and you know cuz it you
guys had a really good spring split and
then things started to fall a little bit
at the end so now we're neck split I
think once we have our entire roster
like enabled and we started like gearing
up for playoffs and everything will be
really really strong and especially the
meta stays like this and we have the
whole roster things will be really good
for us and we can build as a team a
whole lot so I think it'll be a good
summer split we just got a you know wait
a bit for these
and band situation yeah yeah anything
that you would say to any other fans out
there
uh I mean it's just the the usual thinks
I've kind of disappeared from the
discord a bit because I've been focusing
on actually playing more league so I
mean thanks for those guys still for
keeping up and giving me just trash talk
all the time every time I show up it's
there and just for the people that have
supported me in the team as we've gone
through like our struggles and then
finishing in third last split thank you
so much an arrow for the interview for
everyone else you can check out those my
coverage for all things eSports right
here on my youtube channel look that
interviews done I don't me slash
supported it that's really cool
appreciate those guys a lot you know
what I would appreciate there's a twitch
link in the description it's twitch link
in the description it's my twitch
channel try to grow that you might have
already subscribed to my youtube channel
but go hit that link and then follow me
there by the way I take your Amazon
Prime's too if you're interested that
but go follow me on Twitch so that you
can check out some of the new live
coverage and cool stuff that I'm trying
to do over there as well and again
thanks so much to all me slash that was
really really nice to them